yeah over there this three-hour tmobile
fire which social something yards in ass
mobile now this has a toy screen
no flat now thanks to know she's
actually come from the bunch of all the
application software like it gogo
inflight internet so when you travel you
go swipe as you can see they're also
comes up with all share which allows you
to share you know data we have network
the house with your TV and yard work and
stuff as late as it in deland you can
laughs like the idea becomes a lot of
people it's tough group knows that
different from your regular 2.1 on a
tmobile and and both the mission bars
dipper once you pull it down Tracy the
voicemail true key messages as well as
your Wi-Fi gps the silent so this
actually quickly access always like and
also by with the surprising across Iraq
included pretty steady first have mini
USB with a sliding door which actually
special in this area where people come
here again informed on variables I can
see us touch-sensitive volunteering
smokers s semoran screen
which finger is like cooler on the girls
on ABC ESPN is it could be I don't know
we know what the secret movie samsung
vibrant